---
layout: post
title: Classes
---

*   Computer Programming I - CSCE A201 - 601

    CRN: 80163

    Instructor: Frank W Moore

    Materials: ?
    
*   Computer Programming I Laboratory - CSCE A201L - 601

    CRN: 80395

    Instructor: Frank W Moore

    Materials: ?

*   Calculus I - Math A200 - 603

    CRN: 73767

    Instructor: Samuel A. Cook

    Materials: ?

*   Basic Physics I - PHYS A123 - 601

    CRN: 74505

    Instructor: Curtis F. Osterhoudt

    Materials:

    *    Douglas C. Giancoli. *Physics: Principles with Applications*.
         Pearson, Vol 1, 7th edition, **with *MasteringPhysics***

         The UAA bookstore has an "*a la carte* pack," which apparently
         consists of a shrink-wrapped text, along with the
         *MasteringPhysics* access code.

         ISBN-10: 0321762428

         ISBN-13: 9780321762429

         If you don't intend to take PHYS A124 (the continuation of
         this class, dealing with waves, electromagnetism, and some
         nuclear physics), you only need this rst volume, but if you
         intend to go on and take 124, you'll also (eventually) need
         Volume 2.

         You may also be able to get by with the e-book version, or
         even with an older (6th) edition of Giancoli, though there
         have been some significant changes from the earlier editions.

         Notice that you can get the text, and buy the
         *MasteringPhysics* access code separately, but the latter
         costs a significant $66 at the time of this writing. Because
         the text is very new, there aren't a lot of used copies for
         sale anywhere, so you're likely going to nd paying the UAA
         bookstore the cheapest way of getting everything (an unusual
         occurrence!).

    *    Note-taking materials of your choice (notebooks and pens, video,
         whatever), and a calculator which can handle exponentiation,
         logarithms, and trigonometric functions. If you like to use
         web-based tools, Google is getting pretty good for this, as
         is WolframAlpha. Web-based calculators are ne for in-class
         activities, but will not be allowed for exams. I'll ask you
         to do some calculations in class, for practice and to answer
         quiz questions, and you'll want scratch paper on which to
         make sketches and do some algebra and 'rithmetic.

    *   An H-ITT \iCue" clicker, model TX3100. I notice they're
        available on Amazon.com, Ebay, and Craigslist, in addition to
        being at the UAA bookstore. You'll need to "register" the
        clicker with me. See Section 7 for instructions. We'll use
        these to answer in-class questions for 15% of your grade.

*   Basic Physics I Laboratory - PHYS A123L - 608

    CRN: 74512

    Instructor: Salam R. Mikhail

    Materials: ?

*   Elementary Spanish I - SPAN A101 - 602

    CRN: 74845

    Instructor: Dayna J. Defeo

    Materials: ?
